Hey
Drag him back to the barracks
Shoot the world and the lawbreakers
The last will take away as ordered
Suzaku
I was your subordinate that day
You are derelict
Go back to the barracks when this is over
Take the order of the fifty armies
Now these aristocratic families in Yandu are becoming more and more prosperous
I gave them three days.
They didn't expect to come to the door by themselves
After going out, Shi Shuai shot Shen Wudi
What will the ashes be sent back to the Shen family?
And tell them no one is allowed
He holds any kind of funeral
Make sure you hit 300 sticks before you shoot him
Wake him up even if he can't take it anymore
Until the end
I want to let the gang deal with it back then
blood for blood
Shen Shuai's subordinates found out today
Luo Yunxi, the lord of Yandu
Threatened by Li Qingxiao
Unable to come
Besides
He doesn't know Shen Shuai's situation in Yandu at present
Put it that way
Su Xueying and my sister are afraid of danger
Someone else protects them
It seems that this road of revenge is thrilling
Whether subordinates choose elites for the old camp
Inject the help of God Shuai
No need for identity if exposed too early
Is it hard to see the simplicity of these villains?
The princess is gone